{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 #Melissa Allen\
\
4028 E. Evans Dr.\
Phoenix, AZ 85032\
(602) 628-5681\
melissa.marie.allen@gmail.com\
\
=ADA Developers Academy Logic Assessment=\
\
1. Ryan outlines that he will be instructing how to create a Dummy Application to test the functionality of the engine. Ryan then goes on the explain why an engine is being built instead of an application because of functionality across apps and building code to use separate from other code.He will walk you through the set-up of the first feature as well as additional features.\
\
2. A Rails Engine is an engine that is providing the functionality Ryan is describing that he will be building. The Rails Engine is allowing the Dummy Application to test the engine.\
\
3. To create a new rails plugin with a dummy application without an isolated namespace is to add the rails plugin coomand as a new dummy plugin new subscribers. By utilizing the mountable option, an isolated namespace is not required  of the engine. Each command will need to be credited towards the Subscribem engine for them to be properly aligned.\
\
4. The first feature being built is account sign up. In order to create account sign ups, Ryan has to add roots to the engine route. He also will have to add the DashboardController and Index in order for users to create an account. A Sign Up Path is also generated and further definition of the engine route. Each step of a user creating an account is defined by Ryan, from submission to receiving an successful note pop-up}